[Music]
Hello my dearest Lovers of the
heart How are you paying attention to this
video that Gloria Camila uploaded to her
Instagram account because it
completely destroys Telecinco, the
TV factory, taking down
Rocio Carrasco. How are you doing?
Families, I'm delighted to meet here
with you one more day. Yesterday we were
reacting a little to this video that I
wanted to put up again in case someone has
n't seen it. You know, it was just
a month ago, more or less a month and a half, I don't
remember exactly. Now we'll
check it out. The journalist from La
Vanguardia, editor in chief, Albert Domenet,
who by the way, if you're not subscribed to
his channel, I also recommend it. He
was already denying this whole controversy
about the letter, the manuscript, and everything they
had cooked up. Okay, there was a
controversy here that I'm going to put into context
and I'm going to summarize in the lightest way
possible. Rocio Carrasco presents a
document in court when Gloria
Camila is making a strategy to
stop the second docuseries. Gloria
Camila is asking for
everyone to go through it.
private documents of Rocio Jurado so
that Rocio Carrasco can broadcast them in
a docuseries
she simply has to see them to see if
her mother's privacy is violated or not the judge admits
this procedure and what Rocio
Carrasco does is say that she was not going to present
any document that the docuseries was not going to
have any manuscript that she does not
have documents of her mother and that she
only has one and she presents that
document she presents it to her face and
nobody has asked her because what they
are asking her and what they are
asking her are documents that
the docuseries is going to release. So if she had no
intention of releasing that document in
the docuseries she did not have to deliver it
to the court, okay. But according to her, it is
a document that by delivering it to the
court in some way it is going to be leaked
or in some way it is going to be known and it is going to
leave Ortega Cano in a very bad light, what is it
until then suspiciously it is
leaked on Telecinco and she herself does not
say it with her words but uses
the collaborators of Sálvame and then
she as almost feels no and  no no no no it's not that he doesn't
deny it it's that he even
nods his head no that in that
document it says that
Rocío Jurado wrote it's 8 in the
morning and José has already hit me the first
time what's happening well in the
end the case has been dismissed because the
judge or the judge who is handling the
procedure Well, don't give it weight to
continue forward no and he
also clings to a code of prosecution
that prohibits this type of
judicial conflict between siblings that to
defend the vulnerability the honor or the
privacy of the mother in this case they
would have to do it on the other hand okay so in other words
this type of lawsuit would have to be
reported by another person and not a
brother it's an I don't know you have a reason I don't
know why but oh well I imagine you
have a legal reason I don't know
why Because honestly if the
document were false, which is what
Gloria Camila's defense thinks,
that manuscript was also passed through an
expert appraisal and it looks like it doesn't
correspond to Rocío Jurado I don't understand
why I don't really understand
why
a brother can't report  to another, so I do
n't understand why it's worth it. But
well, the law is like that, it says that
brothers can only report each other and
get involved in this type of lawsuits for things
that are directly between them, but
well, the thing that Alberto said one
day was that it was part of the whole thing about
the complaints being admitted for processing or
archived or whatever that has not been
proven or played out if it is false or
true because reading sold it as
if it had been proven that it
is not false and that's not the case, I mean, it's
simply that the complaint has not been admitted for
processing. The courts choose
which cases go forward and which cases do
not and they choose when there is a trial and when it is
not valid, because it turns out that Gloria
Camila denies it there too.
Well, we were commenting on it
yesterday, but what a disease, not from the
Pink Tide. I mean, if you don't like
someone, then you don't follow them and you're
telling me that they
are following Gloria Camila's content
on Instagram to the point that you find
out that you are playing a game
with her followers in which her
followers ask them questions and she
answers and you  you ask this question no
8 in the morning Jose has already hit me the
first time and it's like because you
intend to do harm Because all
those from the Pink Tide are so bad
because this is doing harm Because if you do
n't like Ortega Cano then don't follow him
and don't watch his bullfights or don't watch his
documentaries or don't go to his museum and if
you don't like going back to Camila then don't
go to her but the thing is that you are with this that would
also be something that if it were true it would
not be Gloria Camila's fault
trying to hurt her not trying to
hurt her something that she is not the one who would have done it if it
were true
8 in the morning and Jose has already hit me the
first time
first if it is a question I don't know where
this question is or what answer you expect
second I am
going to say
or I am going to clarify I
think that for the first time
that I as of today
April 18, 2023 I have never read
anywhere a paper
given to any judge has never read that
phrase So if you have read it or
heard it Because someone has said it
but you don't have a [ __ ] clue  idea where she
gets it because on top of that it's a lie, so you might have
a problem then My
question is, do you even look at it? I mean,
man, they make up such a
serious thing and
the chips, this Pink Tide thing, they just
believe it and that's it, I mean, they make up
such a serious thing and they don't show you the
paper or they don't show you anything and that's it, I mean,
after Rocio
Carrasco laughed at them I don't know
how many times because she takes them for fools,
eh, I mean Rocio Carrasco and readings
when for example the case is closed and
they start saying that no, it's not that the
judge said that there was no crime and they
start denying that the case is closed
because there's a law that tells you that between
brothers, it's not that they were thinking of it as a fool, they
already assume that their
followers are very short-sighted, let's
leave it there, no,
what I can tell you today is also that
the phrase it's 8 in the morning and
the first blow has been received, it's 8 in
the morning and I have already received the first
blow, that phrase is not in this
document, this phrase is not in this
document It's that  this is very strong
family this is very serious It's that it is
supposed to be the move or but
promise you who knows what they will put the
supposed document not
in the last hours in the last days he
has tried to pass it off as if this
document was crucial to demonstrate
some alleged mistreatment of Ortega
Cano towards Rocío Jurado and he has played
the confusion with this phrase well today what I
can tell you from here is that
this phrase is not in this document that
was delivered at the time in that
preliminary diligence procedure
delivered because he felt like it to
put [ __ ] okay because that document
if he had not thought of presenting it
in the series there was no reason to offer it
okay family What do you think about all this
please tell me in the
comment box How have you been a
huge kiss to Gloria Camila and we will
see you in the next video and tonight
with Marina Hernal on Tele Salseo at
10:30 family A big kiss
[Music]